v6 docs updates (#4195)
mikro-orm/mikro-orm: docs/docs/decorators.md

See [Defining Entities](relationships.md#manytoone) for more examples.

| Parameter    | Type | Optional | Description                                                                                                                                                |
|--------------|------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `entity`     | `string` &#124; `() => EntityName` | yes | Set target entity type.                                                                                                           |
| `cascade`    | `Cascade[]` | yes | Set what actions on owning entity should be cascaded to the relationship. Defaults to `[Cascade.PERSIST, Cascade.MERGE]` (see [Cascading](cascading.md)).|

> | `eager`      | `boolean` | yes | Always load the relationship. (Discouraged for use with large collections)                                                                                 |

Reviewer: maybe better this way? i would really discourage it for any to-many relations, simply because any collection can get large over time, turning this into a timebomb basically. 

```suggestion
| `eager`      | `boolean` | yes | Always load the relationship. (Discouraged for use with to-many relations.)                                                                                 |
```

> | `eager`      | `boolean` | yes | Always load the relationship. (Discouraged for use with to-many relations.)                                                                                 |

Reviewer: this change should go to the other places too, its there 3 more times

Author: Yep, made it locally... also caught a typo in your other suggestion and fixed the space formatting for that table after the change; waiting to push but asked a question in Slack

> | `eager`      | `boolean` | yes | Always load the relationship. (Discouraged for use with to-many relations.)                                                                                 |

Author: @B4nan do the periods there bug you? If so, I can fix
